# Cash Flow X 
In this work we created an application that will be a system for safe revenue / expense management. In the first instance, the application provides the ability to write a user through a simple user interface (GUI). The application is then able to authenticate users to provide mechanisms to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of application data. In the first run, the application should produce a Public and Private Key pair, which should be the same in subsequent executions. The public key should store it in a file accessible to everyone. The private key of the application is defined as constant in your application code. Users who have followed the registration and authentication process have the ability to use the application to manage their revenue and expense. For each user, the application will create oneundefined a directory with its username in which the required files will be stored. The interface has the following capabilities: 
-- Enter a record for revenue or expense: The user can add one record each time it contains the transaction date, a description, and the amount. For each user, the application provides two storage files, one for all records relating to user revenue and one for expenses. 
-- Modifying Entry or Expenditure Entries: The user determines a specific date and has the ability to select one of the transactions of that date to modify. 
-- Revenue and cost report per month: The user selects a month and displays the revenue and expenses for that month as well as total revenue / expense.